when you look back at what your life after a time you usually can find
things that you regret and there are many in my mind's eye and times
I said things I shouldn't have made choices I should have made but
one of the things I didn't do that I'd looking back I should have done
is there a number of times in my life when I had an opportunity
to advance my education in ways that would have cost me nothing other
than the effort and I passed them up when I was at Caltech I could
have gotten another degree when I was at the university of southern
California I could have gotten another to when I was in mark Marietta
they would have paid me get another degree and you say well you've
got a bachelors degree in a law degree what else would you know there's
always something to learn only something that would be fun to
do and and I really wish I'd taken more coursework on the head